[Applause]
it's very good to see you walking you
walking is an odd sight I guess I would
imagine people are surprised by that yes
so the first thing is my how you've
grown and you can walk yes it's what
most people say to me oh really when you
start on Game of Thrones I was 10 years
old
tanda and that was your first thing
right laughing yeah I think I'd done
like a commercial before and then game
of threats and then Game of Thrones so
I'm thinking about this because I
actually think about that scene now that
Jaime Lannister's kind of become a
somewhat good guy or whatever and then
you remember like oh yeah he he shoved
the child out the window you being that
child what do you remember at 10 years
old about like did they tell you what
you were looking at yeah no I was pretty
much told what was going on oh you were
but it just it just sort of meant that
my mum had to give me the sex talk a
little earlier she did and with some
sort of topics that probably aren't
covered by general yeah such and a
brother and sister are very much in love
like that kind of thing yeah a little
bit weird where are you from originally
where'd you grow up
so I was born in and play school sorry
and then grew up in Kent which is the
countryside in England in Kent and then
you got into like school acting or out
of this start I will actually start it
because I found soccer club too cold so
I thought what else can I do
drama club and yeah I was able to do six
auditions and I just hadn't just enjoyed
sort of being part of this drama club
and then my sixth audition was for this
HBO pilot and I knew what none of those
words men are you know ready to be over
the Game of Thrones well Wow
and are you how old are you know 20 so
like yeah half of your life it should be
half my life ever most of your conscious
life you this is a part of me yeah
nobody remembers what they're doing when
they were three so this is like your
whole thing yeah this is some first
acting experience yeah it's a little
down from here are you in
are you in college now no what well I
good I did start crying oh you started
by gave it a shot but it was you dropped
out I did good I'm glad I don't know why
they speak you know what why go to
college what's the point of this now
you're an actor I mean focus on that
right yeah well it's forbidden why did
you drop out of college well it was
really hard to juggle it with with
filming season eight but also it was
kind of overwhelming the response I had
of students who were very very big game
of Thrones oh yeah right I didn't quite
see you come and then they have a
million questions yeah I can remember I
first when I first arrived at my halls
of residence the the my flatmate opened
the door and I saw look at me in a
slightly stunned expression apparently I
went down to get some more stuff and
they had to have like a flat conference
where they're like oh my god the
three-eyed Raven is enough laughs what
about the teachers did they treat you
differently and were they no I mean at
school they just it was way more
interested in talking to me and trying
again spoilers and in fact one time I
did accidentally drop a massive spoiler
in a maths lesson when I really was just
talking to my maths teacher going yeah
and I've just become really good friends
with this guy Dean who plays Tommen
Baratheon and such a shame because he's
dead now and they're like he's not dead
he's very much alive so that meant I had
no excuse me yeah it's a lot to ask of a
kid to keep secrets like that I mean
it's you know you're not used to that
metric well in fact I feel like I could
maybe crack you right now so it seems
that brand a lot of people think is kind
of the key to this whole thing you've
heard all these theories right yeah yeah
do you um do you think bran is is a
hundred percent good I don't know I
think he's the three-eyed Raven who is
definitely on the side of the living but
uh-huh
definitely on the side of the living
well that's interesting
because a lot of people think bran might
be the night king yeah many hands not
the night king I can neither confirm nor
deny I feel like you confirm that he's
not right I mean if he's on the side of
the living unless the night king is some
kind of weird double agent who says the
night King's dead
Oh what so at the end of the episode on
Sunday night now this we can talk about
because this happened already you are
your character you sit there and there's
Jaime Lannister and you haven't seen him
since he gave me that job right out the
window that was is that is it I assume
things are not weird between you guys as
actors right I mean no I hate Nicola the
courtyard but the look he gave them you
know was like oh yeah I love kind of
getting good at this sort of intense
stare but it's it's actually aided by
the fact that I'm completely blind when
I'm on set I don't have my glasses and I
don't have contact lenses how did God
the glasses and they're not that thick
but I need them you can't see any but I
can just remember I was doing one scene
in season seven with safety ternary play
Sansa and she says we saw Isaac your
stairs like your standards my soul like
I can't see you yeah that'll cut that
skill will come in handy in the future
when when your eyes roll bug in your
head is that and the factor is that
something that is in effect but I can do
it I always offer to them and they're
like we'll let the effects oh really
yeah would you do it for us we don't
have any effects yeah
[Applause]
that developer is just something that
you can do yeah I don't think I could do
that oh no no hold on let me give it a
try I don't even know am i doing it yeah
you know they call me squinty eyed Jim I
don't know well I love this show you do
a fantastic job on it and I look forward
to seeing what's next who knows maybe
you'll be one of the spin-off shows huh
have to say yeah it's great to have you
here
Isaac Hempstead right everybody I am
Jimmy Kimmel click below to subscribe to
our YouTube channel or if you want to be
that way about it though